README.md, before:

# Thymer Theme inspired by Catppuccin Mocha
Catppuccin Mocha Theme for Thymer notes application. The IDE for Notes, Tasks and Planning.
Plugin themes have the same installation process.

## How to apply theme:
1. Open the Thymer Catppuccin Cocha CSS in this repository and copy (Ctrl + C) all of its contents.
2. Open up Thymer. Press Ctrl + P >  Upload Custom CSS > paste (Ctrl + V) > Click Save. 
3. Press Ctrl + P again > Set Theme & Dark or Light Appearance > Catppuccin Mocha.

## But I want the main window to be darker than the sidebar again!
Find these variables and give them these hexcodes css.
```
	--color-bg-800: #1e1e2e;  /* Sidebar */
	--color-bg-900: #181825;  /* Main window */
```
## Changelog
### 10/01-2026
- Change of background colour in main windows (the official correct lighter tone).
- Darker tables border colors and removing shadow effect to match the new background color.
- Styling on the dotted circle and center colour to better align with theme.
  
### 09/01-2026
- Added thick, beautiful caret.
### 08/01-2026
- Added blue colour to note blocks

Commit message:

Add palette change instructions and update changelog
Updated README to include palette change instructions and changelog.

README.md, after:

# Thymer Theme inspired by Catppuccin Mocha
Catppuccin Mocha Theme for Thymer notes application. The IDE for Notes, Tasks and Planning.
Plugin themes have the same installation process.

## How to apply theme:
1. Open the Thymer Catppuccin Cocha CSS in this repository and copy (Ctrl + C) all of its contents.
2. Open up Thymer. Press Ctrl + P >  Upload Custom CSS > paste (Ctrl + V) > Click Save. 
3. Press Ctrl + P again > Set Theme & Dark or Light Appearance > Catppuccin Mocha.

## But I want the main window to be darker than the sidebar again!
Find these variables and give them these hexcodes css.
```
	--color-bg-800: #1e1e2e;  /* Sidebar */
	--color-bg-900: #181825;  /* Main window */
```

## Looking to change stuff according to the official palette?
Follow this link https://catppuccin.com/palette/

## Changelog
### 10/01-2026
- Change of background colour in main windows (the official correct lighter tone).
- Darker tables border colors and removing shadow effect to match the new background color.
- Styling on the dotted circle and center colour to better align with theme.
  
### 09/01-2026
- Added thick, beautiful caret.
### 08/01-2026
- Added blue colour to note blocks
